Minor editorial, grammatical, and spelling improvments to docs (#1701)
vercel/turborepo: docs/pages/docs/index.mdx

<Features page="docs" detailed={false} />

> Turborepo is a build system for JavaScript/TypeScript _monorepos_: codebases containing multiple

Author: "blazing fast" rubs me the wrong way 😆; it's unnecessary tooting of our own horn. I prefer that we're humble and show results instead (but that would be out of scope here). Also, what does "fast" mean?? Every single tool probably says they're the easiest and fastest to use!

> Turborepo is a build system for JavaScript/TypeScript _monorepos_: codebases containing multiple

Reviewer: "blazing fast" is a keyword that can enable a brand over just a tool

See: https://vercel.com/#:~:text=Vercel%20combines%20the%20best%20developer%20experience%20with%20an%20obsessive%20focus%20on%20end%2Duser%20performance.%0AOur%20platform%20enables%20frontend%20teams%20to%20do%20their%20best%20work.

> Turborepo is a build system for JavaScript/TypeScript _monorepos_: codebases containing multiple

Reviewer: We shouldn't take the tone of the front page descriptions lightly

> Turborepo is a build system for JavaScript/TypeScript _monorepos_: codebases containing multiple

Reviewer: https://vercel.com/docs#:~:text=We%20provide%20a,is%20the%20default.

> Turborepo is a build system for JavaScript/TypeScript _monorepos_: codebases containing multiple

Author: > We shouldn't take the tone of the front page descriptions lightly

that's where I'm coming from too :)

> communicating brand e and values

💯. To me "blazing fast" communicates hype / trendy tech, and I wanted to communicate the real, underlying value.

Regardless! Since you've both pointed it out and [the original thesis][1] for the PR is to _not_ include anything that needs more conversation, I'll take Tom's suggestion and revert this :)

[1]: https://github.com/vercel/turborepo/pull/1701#issue-1339739892

projects, often using multiple frameworks, in a single, unified
code repository.

> Monorepos have many advantages, but they require appropriate tooling to scale. Turborepo provides this tooling and more. It leverages advanced build system ideas and techniques to speed up development, but with a fraction of the configuration and complexity. Turborepo abstracts all the annoying configuration, scripts, and tooling into `turbo.json`, so you can focus on _what_ you're shipping instead of worrying about _how_ it'll get shipped.

Author: i'd have to re-read to make sure we reference `turbo.json` somewhere early. As someone casually browsing the docs as a new user, the most important thing I'd want to know is the entry point of the tool and where I should look in my project for how it's setup.

> Monorepos have many advantages, but they require appropriate tooling in order to scale. Turborepo provides this tooling and more. It leverages advanced build system ideas and techniques to speed up development, but with a fraction of the configuration and complexity. Turborepo abstracts away all the annoying configuration, scripts, and tooling into `turbo.json`, so you can focus on _what_ you're shipping, instead of worrying about _how_ it'll get shipped.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Monorepos have many advantages, but they require appropriate tooling to scale. Turborepo provides this tooling and more. It leverages advanced build system ideas and techniques to speed up development, but with a fraction of the configuration and complexity. Turborepo abstracts all the annoying configurations, scripts, and tooling into `turbo.json`, so you can focus on _what_ you're shipping instead of worrying about _how_ it'll get shipped.
```

Author: I like the edit other than "annoying configurations" (plural), I think it should remain singular. Will accept the suggestion and push up another edit later!

## Why Turborepo?

- **Faster, incremental builds**: Building once is painful enough, Turborepo will remember what you (or someone on your team) built and skip work that's already been done.
- **Content-aware hashing**: Turborepo looks at the contents of your files, not timestamps, to figure out what needs to be built.
- **Cloud caching**: Share a cloud build cache with your teammates and CI/CD for even faster builds.
- **Parallel execution**: Execute builds using every core at maximum parallelism without wasting idle CPUs.
- **Zero runtime overhead**: Turborepo doesn't interfere with your runtime code or touch your sourcemaps. It does what it does and then gets out of your way.
- **Task pipelines**: Define the relationships between your tasks and then let Turborepo optimize what to build and when.
- **Pruned subsets**: Speed up PaaS deploys by generating a subset of your monorepo with only what's needed to build a specific target.
- **Convention-based config**: Reduce complexity through convention. Fan out configuration with just a few lines of JSON.

> - **Profile in your browser**: Generate build profiles and view them in a browser to understand which tasks are taking the longest.

Reviewer 3: This was actually correct previously. This generates a file compatible with `about:tracing` in (most) Chromium-based browsers.

Reviewer 3: You can load these trace files into a lot of things; I'm going to be less specific, but still provide context about what it is: https://github.com/vercel/turborepo/pull/1768
